[13.0][MIG] product_pricelist_simulation: Migration to 13.0 (#1114)
OCA/product-attribute: product_pricelist_simulation/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to product form view and click '*Prices*'' smart button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to product form view and click '*See Price per Pricelist*' button.
```
